feat: Add s3_acl and s3_server_site_encryption variables (#120)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-lambda: README.md

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|

> | acl | (Optional) The canned ACL to apply. Defaults to 'private'. Conflicts with `grant` | `string` | `"private"` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| acl | The canned ACL to apply. Valid values are private, public-read, public-read-write, aws-exec-read, authenticated-read, bucket-owner-read, and bucket-owner-full-control. Defaults to private. | `string` | `"private"` | no |
```

| s3\_existing\_package | The S3 bucket object with keys bucket, key, version pointing to an existing zip-file to use | `map(string)` | `null` | no |
| s3\_object\_storage\_class | Specifies the desired Storage Class for the artifact uploaded to S3. Can be either STANDARD, REDUCED\_REDUNDANCY, ONEZONE\_IA, INTELLIGENT\_TIERING, or STANDARD\_IA. | `string` | `"ONEZONE_IA"` | no |
| s3\_object\_tags | A map of tags to assign to S3 bucket object. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

> | server\_side\_encryption | Map containing server-side encryption configuration. | `string` | `null` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| server\_side\_encryption | Specifies server-side encryption of the object in S3. Valid values are "AES256" and "aws:kms". | `string` | `null` | no |
```
